Claiming Rewards (#87)
PufferFinance/website-docs: docs/unifi-avs-protocol.md

    E -->|Distribute rewards| H[Gateway]
```

#### Claiming Rewards

> Rewards will be distributed for each validator on the L2. Validators will be able to claim their rewards by setting a claimer address on the rewards contract by signing an EIP-712 transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rewards will be distributed for each validator on the L2. Validators will be able to claim their rewards by setting a claimer address on the rewards contract by signing an EIP-712 hash with their BLS validator key.
```
